# Multilayered graph diffusion

**Author: Kirell Benzi **
mail: kirell.benzi@epfl.ch
## Description

> TODO


 1. Prerequisites
 2. Building
 3. Installing
 4. Contributing

## 1. PREREQUISITES

 This project requires:
  - Cross-platform Make (CMake) v2.8.8+
  - GNU Make or equivalent.
  - A C++11 compliant compiler (clang 3.2+ or gcc 4.8+)
  - Boost C++ Libraries v1.54+ [HEADERS only]
  - Dex C++ Graph database
  - GTest v1.6.0+ (included)

## 2. BUILDING

 This project uses the Cross-platform Make (CMake) build system. However, we
 have conveniently provided a wrapper configure script and Makefile so that
 the typical build invocation of "./configure" followed by "make" will work.
 For a list of all possible build targets, use the command "make help".

 **NOTE:** Users of CMake may believe that the top-level Makefile has been
 generated by CMake; it hasn't, so please do not delete that file.

### Concerning Dex graph database

The library can be downloaded from the [sparsity-technologies website](http://sparsity-technologies.com/dex_download_previ?v=4.8.2&lang=Cpp)

It is free for academic and development purpose, but for licensing reason cannot be bundled in this repository.

Once you've downloaded the package, you only need to copy the dex folder in the
3rdparty directory.

## 3. INSTALLING

 Once the project has been built (see "BUILDING"), execute "make install", if required "sudo make install".

 Remember that you can specify a lot of option as in any CMake project.
 To do so:

 > cd build
 > ccmake ..

## 4. CONTRIBUTING

 TODO: Enhance section.
